ENH Adds infrequent categories to OneHotEncoder (#16018)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

:mod:`sklearn.preprocessing`
............................

- |Feature| :class:`preprocessing.OneHotEncoder` now supports grouping

>   infrequent categories ito a single feature. Infrequent categories is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  infrequent categories into a single feature. Grouping infrequent categories is
```

>   enabled by setting `handle_unknown` to `'auto'` or `'error'` and specifying

Reviewer: It should not be `"auto"` anymore
